 First Announcement October '97


	  The third MSJ Regional Workshop on 

	Cone-Manifolds and Hyperbolic Geometry

		   July 1 - 10, 1998 

	     Tokyo Institute of Technology 


Organizing Committee :  
--------------------
Steve Kerckhoff (Stanford), Sadayoshi Kojima (TIT), 
Ken'ichi Ohshika (Tokyo), Tomoyoshi Yoshida (TIT).  


Sponsoring Organization :
-----------------------
Mathematical Society of Japan, and 
Tokyo Institute of Technology


Description of the Workshop : 
---------------------------
The workshop will include a lecture series, lasting 16 hours, 
by  

		Daryl Cooper (UCSB), 
		Craig Hodgson (Melbourne)  and 
		Steve Kerckhoff (Stanford) 

which will cover the fundamentals of cone-manifolds and several 
recent developments in the theory.  In particular, the speakers 
intend to give a complete proof of the geometrization theorem 
for 3-dimensional orbifolds, as announced by W. P. Thurston 
in 1982.  There will also be related research talks by other 
participants and time for informal discussions. The introductory 
part of the main lectures will take place during the first week 
(2 one-hour lectures in each day).  The more advanced part of 
the lectures and the related research talks will be scheduled 
for the week of July 6-10.  The content of the lectures in 
the second week should be sufficiently self-contained to be 
accessible to participants attending only the second week.

The other participants of the second week include 

M. Boileau (Toulouse), A. Casson (Berkeley), K. Fujiwara (Keio)
S. Hersonsky (Caltech), B. Meyerhoff (Boston), K. Ohshika (Tokyo)
J.P Otal (Lyons), F. Paulin (Lyons), J. Porti (Toulouse)
M. Sakuma (Osaka), T. Soma (Tokyo Denki U), W. Thurston (Davis)
Y. Yamashita (Nara), T. Yoshida (TIT)

Lecture notes based on the main lectures will be published by 
the Mathematical Society of Japan.   


Information : 
-----------
For inquiries, please send a message by email to  

	msj-rw@is.titech.ac.jp  

by fax to  
	
	+81-3-5734-2714  

or by postal mail to 

	The third MSJ-RW Office 
	c/o Sadayoshi Kojima 
	Department of Mathematical and Computing Sciences
	Tokyo Institute of Technology 
	Ohokayama, Meguro 
	Tokyo 152 Japan

We would be very happy if you would share this announcement 
with your neighbor.  

The poster with more details and an updated list of 
participants will be distributed in December 97.  

The workshop will have a home page accessible at website  
http://www.is.titech.ac.jp/. hopefully in a month.  
