From - Tue Apr 30 16:33:48 1996
Path: bubba.NMSU.Edu!lynx.unm.edu!newshub.tc.umn.edu!spool.mu.edu!munnari.OZ.AU!news.ecn.uoknor.edu!paladin.american.edu!hookup!news.mathworks.com!news.kei.com!nntp.coast.net!howland.reston.ans.net!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!ux1.cso.uiuc.edu!drg
From: Mladen Bestvina <bestvina@news.cc.utah.edu>
Newsgroups: sci.math.research
Subject: Wasatch Topology Conference
Date: 25 Apr 1996 17:36:21 GMT
Organization: University of Utah Computer Center
Lines: 95
Approved: Daniel Grayson <dan@math.uiuc.edu>, moderator for sci.math.research
Message-ID: <4lod6l$rtm@news.cc.utah.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ux1.cso.uiuc.edu
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Originator: drg@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu


Announcing the

			Fourth semiannual


		Wasatch Topology Conference


The fourth semiannual Wasatch Topology Conference will be held June 7-8
at the Treasure Mountain Inn in Park City, Utah.  This
conference is sponsored jointly by the Mathematics Departments of the
University of Utah and Brigham Young University.  The speakers will be

        Steve Ferry (SUNY Binghamton)
		"Controlled topology and its applications"
		"Strange homology manifolds" (see abstracts at the end).

	Mark Sapir (University of Nebraska)
		"Dehn functions of groups", I and II.

	Abby Thompson (UC Davis)
		"Recognizing the 3-sphere"
		"Thin position for knots and 3-manifolds"

Friday:

2-3 pm  Ferry
3:30-4:30  Sapir
6:00- Conference Barbeque at a local park (FREE!)

Saturday:

8:30-9:30  Conference Breakfast (FREE!)
9:30-10:30  Thompson
11-12   Ferry
2-3  Sapir
3:30-4:30  Thompson
5:00-Conference Hike

Sunday:

Hike is planned for those interested

The Treasure Mountain Inn is located on Main Street in Park City next
to the Park City Mall and across the street from the Wasatch Brewery
and Pub.  This site is in the best part of Park City (upper Main
Street) and offers luxury ski condominiums, a nice conference room, a
pool, hot tub, and pool table, and has one of the best restaurants in
Utah, the Cactus Moon, on-site.  We have negotiated significantly
discounted room rates at the Treasure Mountain Inn.  A studio room
will be $50 a night and a one bedroom unit will be $60 per night.
Each room has a fully equipped kitchen (with a stove, oven, microwave,
refrigerator, disposal, dishes and utensils), a bathroom (some have
jetted tubs), and a fully furnished living room (equipped with a
stereo, television, VCR and a futon sleeper sofa).  The studio rooms
have a queen Murphy bed in the living room .  The one bedroom units
have a large separate bedroom with two queen beds.  Each unit has
assigned parking and some units have underground parking.  Considering
that the conference will be taking place in one of the most beautiful
locations in the West, and at one of the most popular times we feel
that these rates are outstanding!

 The Treasure Mountain Inn is located at 255 Main Street in Park City,
Utah.  Their phone number is 1-800-344-2460.  Their mailing address
is: P.O. Box 639; Park City, Utah 84060.

If you would like to attend please email one of the organizers: Mladen
Bestvina (bestvina@math.utah.edu) or Greg Conner
(conner@math.byu.edu).


ABSTRACTS:

Ferry: "Controlled topology and its applications"

We will outline the classification theory of high-dimensional
topological manifolds and explain how controlled methods make that
classification easier and more accessible in many interesting
geometric situations.

Ferry: "Strange homology manifolds"

We will discuss the construction and classification of homology
manifolds. One theorem, due to Edwards-Quinn, says that if X is a
connected high-dimensional finite-dimensional locally contractible
homology manifold which satisfies general position for 2-dimensional
disks and which has any locally euclidean point, then X is a
topological manifold. In contrast, Bryant-Ferry-Mio- Weinberger have
constructed totally noneuclidean homology manifolds which satisfy the
other conditions above.
 



